
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit the README.Rmd file -->

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Project Status: Active - The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)
[![R build
status](https://github.com/CDCgov/EPHTrackR/workflows/R-CMD-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CDCgov/EPHTrackR/actions?workflow=R-CMD-check)
[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/sword)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=sword)
[![Lifecycle:
expirimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-expirimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#expirimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

<!-- [![Travis-CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cont-limno/LAGOSNE.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cont-limno/LAGOSNE) [![CRAN\_Status\_Badge](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/LAGOSNE)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=LAGOSNE) [![CRAN RStudio mirror downloads](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/LAGOSNE)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=LAGOSNE)
[![Codecov test coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/tidyverse/dplyr/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tidyverse/dplyr?branch=master)-->

# EPHTrackR <img src="man/figures/CDC_Tracking_Combined.jpg" align="right" height=140/>

You should have received a copy of the Apache Software License along
with this program. If not, see
<http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html>

The source code forked from other open source projects will inherit its
license.

## Privacy Standard Notice

This repository contains only non-sensitive, publicly available data and
information. All material and community participation is covered by the
[Disclaimer](https://github.com/CDCgov/EPHTrackR/blob/master/DISCLAIMER.md)
and [Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/CDCgov/EPHTrackR/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).
For more information about CDC’s privacy policy, please visit
[http://www.cdc.gov/other/privacy.html](https://www.cdc.gov/other/privacy.html).

## Contributing Standard Notice

Anyone is encouraged to contribute to the repository by
[forking](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo) and submitting a
pull request. (If you are new to GitHub, you might start with a [basic
tutorial](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git).) By contributing
to this project, you grant a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to all users under the
terms of the [Apache Software License
v2](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html) or later.

All comments, messages, pull requests, and other submissions received
through CDC including this GitHub page may be subject to applicable
federal law, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act, and
may be archived. Learn more at <http://www.cdc.gov/other/privacy.html>.

## Records Management Standard Notice

This repository is not a source of government records, but is a copy to
increase collaboration and collaborative potential. All government
records will be published through the [CDC web
site](http://www.cdc.gov).
